- [Nana] Hey, Nana,
remember when we
would see each other
all the time?
Even then, I could never
understand you.
You can't blame me though.
No one in the world can
understand you,
so cut me some slack, okay?
(rock music)
- Hi, y'all, welcome
back to Junko's Place.
- It's been a while.
I wonder who's gonna walk
through that door today?
- Well, come on in.
- Oh, wow, I've wanted
to see this since forever,
Junko's Place.
- And who is this guy exactly?
- Naoki from Trapnest, right?
Good to meet you.
- Oh, of course, welcome.
But wait, isn't he a lead?
What is he doing here?
- I'd hate to say it, but
this can only mean one thing.
- [Junko And Kyosuke]
His character is doomed.
(Naoki shouts)
- Papparyakko.
- Oh, you don't need to
worry about that guy.
- He's a resident statue in
Junko's Place,
our patron saint of
lovesick men.
- Stop talking about
me like that.
I'm not a piece of decor.
I have feelings too, you know.
Lately, you guys have been real
jerks.
Last time I was here--
- Hey, do you guys think
Hachiko's gonna
be dropping by today?
- By Hachiko, do you mean Nana
Komatsu?
- Yeah, from what I hear,
she's a super awesome chick.
She plays the game like a pro.
Great in the kitchen,
great in the sack.
And on top of all that,
she's completely faithful
to Takumi of all people.
- Are we talking about the
same girl?
- Yeah, I'm not too sure
about all that.
- Huh?
- Hey, how about we watch a few
clips.
(doorbell rings)
- Huh?
Hey, Hachiko.
(Nana gasps)
(tense dramatic music)
(Hachiko sobs)
- [Shin] Takumi pisses me off.
Hachi's our pet.
- [Nobu] She isn't a dog, you
know?
- But it's not fair what
he's done to you.
You need to get her back, Nobu.
You do like Hachi, don't you?
But knowing Hachi, even
if this was something
that happened in the heat of the
moment,
I'll bet she'll get more
and more attached to him.
If Takumi treats her
like all his other women,
it's obvious Hachi's
gonna get hurt.
Doesn't it bother you to think
that might happen to her?
It bothers the hell out of me.
If you want her, then go for it.
- I shouldn't have
barged in on you.
And I said all
those weird things.
Anyway, now that
I have the chance,
I'm gonna come
straight to the point.
I'm in love with you.
It's probably not fair of
me to tell you all this,
because I know it's not
gonna make any difference.
You see, I know about you and
Takumi.
I'm sorry; you avoided
the studio today.
It was because of me, right?
- No, that's not it.
I didn't come 'cause I had to
work today.
- Well, I just wanted
you to know you don't
have to worry about me.
You should keep coming to
rehearsals.
Everyone really misses
you when you aren't there.
Actually, I'm the one
who misses you.
- Thanks, Nobu.
- [Nobu] Well, that's a relief.
You know, this is more than
enough for me.
(gentle music)
- Nobu, you don't have
to walk me all the way.
I'll be all right on my own from
here.
The apartment's just over there.
I'm sorry for making you
walk me home
when it's so out of
your way.
- It's not that far,
and I really don't mind.
- [Takumi] Nana.
- Huh?
- Well, well, fancy
seeing you here.
Thanks, Nobu.
- Yes, thank you, Nobu.
Have a good night.
- [Nobu] I can't take
it anymore.
- Tell me what happened.
- Nothing, leave me alone.
Sorry, I just need some
time on my own, okay?
(gentle music)
Shin, if a man and a
woman are just objects
of desire to each other,
then do you think they could
ever be connected by love?
- Sorry, I'm not sure of that
myself.
- Yeah.
- Takumi?
I wanna see you.
(gentle music)
Nana ...
Thank you.
- Huh, what for?
- Actually, I kind of thought
you might not ever want
to talk to me again, so
I'm glad you came tonight.
- What are you talking about?
I mean, of course I'll talk to
you.
- [Hachiko] I'm sorry.
- What are you apologizing for?
You didn't do anything wrong.
- I did, and the truth is,
I really am a horrible girl.
(Nobu laughs)
- [Nobu] What do you mean,
horrible?
Horrible how?
- I'm serious.
Nobu, stop always idealizing me.
If you saw who I really was,
you wouldn't even like me.
If you knew the real me,
you'd be disappointed.
(Hachiko sobs)
- All right, then,
disappoint me; I'm ready.
Otherwise, I don't know how else
I'm gonna
be able to stop loving you.
(dramatic instrumental music)
(rock music)
- I'm sorry, I promise I'll
break it off with Takumi.
It's just that, I, I
really didn't want anyone
to know about me and Takumi.
I was pretending that
it didn't really happen,
and then I could be your
girlfriend.
I guess in the end, I just
screwed up everything.
Do you hate me now?
- No, I never could.
The thing is, I can't
take you away from him
and I don't own you,
and I don't want
to make you sneak
around either,
but I don't think you
screwed things up.
You really shouldn't
be so hard on yourself.
I'm sure you can't help it that
you're attracted to Takumi,
and no matter how hard I try,
I just can't compete with him.
- That's not true, really, I--
- But even so, if you tell
me that you'll break up
with him and go out with me,
I'll do whatever it
takes to make you happy.
For the sake of your happiness,
I will do everything
within my power, I promise.
I mean, I feel like I can do
anything with you by my side.
So once you've broken
up with Takumi
and sorted out your
feelings, then come to me.
I'll be waiting for you.
- Sorry, I gotta go right now,
but I'll call you back when
I have more time to talk.
- Why bother?
In fact, don't ever call
me again, so goodbye.
- How was work today?
(Nobu shouts)
- Don't sneak up on me
like that.
I told you to come to me
after you'd worked things
out with Takumi.
- But I did, that's why--
- It's too fast.
- Nana?
You know, me and Nobu ...
I think I'm, I'm head over
heels in love with Nobu.
- [Nana] Of course you are.
- Wait a second,
let me get this straight.
There's Nobu and Takumi,
and Ren and his old
girlfriend Nana Osaki,
and she happens to be
roommates with Hachiko?
- I know, the relationships
in this story
are getting confusing.
- Check this out.
This little chart I put together
of all the character
connections in this anime
should clarify everything.
- [Naoki] Wow.
- [Kyosuke] This doesn't clarify
anything.
- [Junko] Look, Naoki's
not connected to anyone.
- What?
Are you kidding me?
I'm like best friends with Yasu.
In fact, I'm having drinks
with him right after ...
(Naoki shouts)
- Are you really friends with
him?
- Yeah, we go way back.
- Well, the record says
otherwise, watch.
- How's it going?
Isn't it great that we're
finally able to hang out?
- I only came so you'd
stop bugging me.
- And if that isn't
enough to convince you,
then there's this.
- Go home, the band
will be better off
without you dragging us down,
dude.
- What the hell?
How on earth did you guys find
out so much about my life?
- Don't you know this is
what we do at Junko's Place?
- Ain't that the truth?
(Naoki sobs)
- I don't care what you guys
say.
Me and Yasu are best friends.
You'll see, I'll just draw a
line here.
(paper rips)
- Now you're totally on your
own.
(Naoki sobs)
- [Doctor] Well, you are
pregnant.
This small black circle
is the chorionic sac.
That little dot you see inside?
It's your baby.
- [Takumi] Is it morning
sickness?
- I'm gonna get an
abortion, so don't worry.
Listen, you don't need
to feel responsible.
I'm the foolish one.
For all I know, it
could be my boyfriend's.
Just go, and please,
don't come back.
- Your boyfriend, Nobu?
(Hachiko gasps)
(tense music)
- Takumi?
What are you doing?
Takumi?
Please don't tell Nobu.
- [Nana] What is it?
- [Takumi] Hey,
are you there?
- [Nobu] Yeah.
- Turns out our Nana
is pregnant.
I don't know if it's yours
or mine,
but no matter who the father
is,
if Nana wants to keep it,
I plan to recognize
the baby as mine
and take care of both of them.
What do you think about that?
(dramatic music)
- Nana?
Is it true that you're pregnant?
Hey, I just wanna hear it from
you.
It could be my child.
You don't have to hide from me,
and I already knew that you'd
just broken up with Takumi.
- I'm sorry.
(Nobu gasps)
(Hachiko sobs)
- I don't get it.
Why are you apologizing?
You did break up with him,
didn't you?
(Hachiko sobs)
Please, just make up an excuse.
Do it for my sake.
Even if it's a lie, I don't
care.
I'll believe anything.
- I'm so sorry.
(Hachiko sobs)
(Nobu sobs)
I think I wanna have this baby
and raise it as your child,
if that's all right with you.
- [Takumi] Wanna get married?
- Huh?
- If I marry an ordinary girl,
the media might not go as crazy.
You don't wanna?
(gentle music)
- [Nana] Married?
- So I am sorry it's
short notice,
but that means you're gonna
need to find a new roommate.
I imagine this is an
inconvenience for you,
this happening all of a
sudden, so I will pay her half
of the rent 'til you find
someone new.
- I don't need it.
(tense music)
(Hachiko gasps)
- I can't stand to think that
another guy was inside you.
You don't need to worry about
anything,
just focus on making me happy.
(Nana groans)
- [Hachiko] You're way more
important
than any boyfriend, Nana.
I think I'm, I'm head over
heels in love with Nobu.
- [Takumi] You'll need to
look for a new roommate.
(fist thuds)
- [Hachiko] 'Cause if you don't
like them,
I don't want them.
There's no point in me buying
them
unless we're both gonna
use 'em.
- [Nana] Why don't
you use the strawberry glass?
- [Hachiko] 'Cause we
only have two of them.
What if one of them breaks?
- [Nana] But what's the
point if you never use them?
- [Hachiko] Yeah,
but they're a set.
It'd be sad if one of
them breaks.
You can use them, just
be careful, okay?
(glass shatters)
(somber instrumental music)
- Nana?
- Don't worry about her.
(Hachiko sobs)
(Nana gasps)
- What's this?
(Nana knocks)
Hachi?
Hachiko, are you in here?
(somber instrumental rock music)
- So there you go.
Hope you enjoyed the third
installment of Junko's Place
as much as we did.
Drop by anytime.
See you later, everyone.
- Seriously, I should be
getting more lines than this.
Hey, hold on.